Okay,
guys.
And welcome back.
So as presentation starting to take shape,
we have three slide so far on our four slide.
Let me just close that what we want on our fourth slate is Thea.
Let's have a look.
We wanted this day to hear.
We want this.
We want this on.
We want there.
So we want this off the top.
Left this underneath.
And this is a nice big image on the right there.
We already have the code for adding chart.
Which was this one here.
So really,
all we need to do is change the name of this chart profit by day,
whatever that waas to the name off this which was pie chart.
So,
in true fashion,
just like we've done before,
we can never say a slight fall on day.
We're gonna copy alive,
slide through eight.
That was too fast.
Everything will be all the slide.
Three use code.
So from here,
use the arrow keys.
Alan,
that's gonna be much easier to control on.
Copy then.
Come up here.
It's a few lines on never gonna be working on this code again,
but we're gonna call this slide for we're gonna change the index number that same just
having to remember everything again.
We're gonna use this exactly the same layout.
We'll delete the text box at the end.
Eso Let's just split this up So at the top were dealing with the title.
Eso No,
we actually want to say this is a key Performance.
Data isn't it's a rather saying that we're going to say this is the key performance Data
loops Capital.
So that's all Saints their title.
This is our bit map Now we did say that this is going to be a pie chart.
I think it was actually called pie chart,
wasn't it?
Let me just flip back to Excel Click that it's actually called pie chart.
I don't know if that makes a difference.
If it's not in the correct case,
I'll just correct the case.
So there we have most of what we need.
We have our title.
We have that image.
We're probably gonna have to play around with where it appears,
but we have our image.
So the next thing we want to do is we want to let me just shrink that down a little bit.
If Aiken graveled of V b e several it ever go.
Next thing we want to do is add these to pivot tables here.
But what we want to do is add them as an image.
And I'm sure in our base code,
we have a bit of code that does that.
So again,
I'm coming down to the banks.
Code down two images.
Here we go.
Pace arrange as a bit map.
So we're gonna copy that code on.
We're gonna wears way back up to the top.
Now what we're gonna do first,
it was just gonna drop them on there.
Then we're gonna position the manually so we we can get them exactly where we want.
And then we'll come back and modify the code to do that.
Programmatically So,
uh,
first,
what's That's a pivot table.
Is that at first pivot table Onda?
We can ram out that O ram that on ram That So here we have range a 23 to be 30 s o.
What?
We could actually do you say a 23 current region,
couldn't we?
So let's just say a 23 into a little that,
uh,
dot current region.
Obviously,
if you want to specify specifically,
You can say lips.
Okay,
Sure.
What you can say?
I have a space 12 minutes base in there.
What you can say if you do just want display a three through two fragments sake,
be level at least 27.
Just say a three to between seven.
But we're just going.
We want to capture the entire region there.
So that's our first pivot table range a 23 current region copy picture.
Bye bye.
Bye.
Bye bye on,
paste.
We may as well just copy that code directly.
Give ourselves a bit of room on pace.
Our second pivot.
So,
Pacer,
second of it on this is gonna be this one here.
So what are we?
And we are in D 23 So this is gonna be D 23 current regions.
Select on.
That's going to give us out pie chart there.
These are all gonna drop right on top of each other,
I imagine,
But we'll run it and then we'll modify the code.
So here we go into presentations and represents his name.
Can't even type my own name.
Bomb,
bomb,
bomb bump.
So here we go.
Slide once like to slight three on slide for So there is our image,
and I'm guessing the other things yet the other things underneath it.
So let's just put these exactly where we want them to be.
So let's say line up with their that that looks okay on Let's have that.
Yeah,
I said that that Know that appear X terrible.
Put them wherever you think.
It looks good on this.
I'm going to resize that.
So it's just a little bit larger.
Say that big.
Okay,
so now we have this looking exactly what we want.
Eso.
Now what we need to do is learn where these things are positioned.
So what we're gonna do is right.
Click the pivot table,
come to format picture,
and that's gonna bring up this here.
We're going to come to this the size and properties.
We're not worried about size,
but we are worried about the position.
So let me just bring this back over here.
So here we go.
Now we can see the power point below it.
So we're working on the first pivot table.
We need to know how to position that.
So let's Let's was down here Andi,
find out that positioning images think images,
images,
indigenous pace,
pace banks,
re sizing,
positioning.
We're not using the century things.
We used that.
That's too a line.
And that's what we want to do.
This is the code here,
So a line and image using points and that is precisely what we want to do.
So is gonna copy that with all the way back up to Slade for which is here.
A slight force code.
Yep.
Slowed for on.
We're working on the first pivot.
Yeah.
So let's just pace that code in there.
I told you this was like Lego didn't s.
Oh,
here we go.
We are going to be a lining so I can run this.
I can unring,
miss,
because we've just literally pasted this.
It is the active window selection because we're already working on it on what we wants from
the top left corner.
That's the top left corner.
Want 2.33 So we're going to say 2.33 times 70 meters again.
Lips that certain?
Yeah.
2.3 times centimeters on the top.
The vertical position is 5.13 centimeters.
Ribs.
Let me just bring that back.
That's 5.13 multiplied by centimeters on that will position our first pivot table.
So that's how we've done the 1st 1 Now what we're gonna do,
just copy that code.
Come underneath the second pivots able on pace,
that code underneath.
This time we want to click here on.
We wanna have a look at the position.
That again,
that's horizontal 2.33 But it's 10.95 from the top.
So 2.33 can stay,
but never want to change that to 10.95 So 10 points 95 Fantastic.
Andi here.
We want to do the same thing.
I went to the same thing with that chart.
So on we re size the charts as well,
didn't me?
So let's let's resize first position second So hip.
We are looking at this particular object.
Uh,
and we have a shape range,
height.
Where are we?
We have a shape range height of 12.69 So here.
Ah,
12.69 We're not gonna center it using the method we use before.
We're going to copy this because we want to do it by points.
So there we go on.
And so here we can come to our position,
and it's 9.1.
So we'll change that there to 9.1 by centimeters on its 9.1 by 5.13 Okay.
Okay,
so I just closed PowerPoint down.
So let's let's run through that code and see if that is what we think it should do.
So there we go.
And to present his name.
Alan from Andi.
Here we go.
Let's have look.
Okay,
So there you go.
That that's the beginning of our slideshow.
We have the first life.
Sex lied.
Third slide four.
Slide on.
Leslie.
We want to do this.
Thank you.
Any questions slide that you always see at the end of PowerPoint presentations.
So I'll see you in the next lecture.